I like this app because even I miss the news whether I now I'm still wach to the app .
It helps as in I don't have to constantly take the SD card out but it's slow and I'm no way will it let me use it as a controller for my garmin 45 .
I hate that the camera video jiggles when I have to hold to record .
I can't connect it to my phone unless it's not recording and that defeats the purpose .
It's also very slow .
I have a very up to date phone so idk .
Could be A LOT better  .
Still trying to get s hold of it, hoping I get more styles .
This game is very good bike racing game  .
If you like bike racing game you should download this game😘 .
Workout range from really short (5-6 min) to an hour and longer .
A bit too much HIIT for my taste .
Would love to see more strength workouts .
Add a DONATION BUTTON .
Screw these stupid Ads that I will NOT Click on .
the Best planning app I have seen install and enjoy .
No experience but after reading all the reviews I shall stick with ( real racing 3 ) it's not without issues but still a great racing game 🙂 .
Extremely usefull for procrastinators It gives you an idea of how much you need to do and how much you have already done .
People often overestimate/underestimate the amount of time they did a certain task this app helps you to have a record of the said task .
Very usefull for studying as it tells you the duration you have properly studied .
Usefull for people who are giving competitive exams .
Widget not the way it used to be No more 5 day forecast , temp and local temp .
Voice navigation, weather app is interesting app for use to check weather updates 🙂 .
I really love this app .
The amount of games & also the link to the products is great .
My only complaint is the text size .
I downloaded this on my phone first, & then I downloaded it on my tablet for when I'm at home & the text size on my tablet is almost the same as my phone .
I would much rather the text for the rules of the games scale to the size of the device .
If I wanted to read text that small I'd just use the app on my phone .
Keeps asking for access to my contacts and photo's a navigation app does NOT need access to my contacts and photo's it's for navigation NOT to make calls or take pictures .
Have used (and paid for!) this app for several years .
And loved it .
But a regular annoyance is the app's reluctance to reconnect (after a loss of signal) to enable traffic information to be accessed, even though a signal is available, from either the phone's mobile network or wi-fi in the car .
Fortunately alternatives, e.g.  Waze continue to operate satisfactorily on those occasions .
If only there was a 'Push to reconnect to a Signal' button on the app! .
Map colors don't often fill in regions woth the proper color .
It wd be good if you add timer or reminder  .
simple n good .
Would help you had sound I downloaded this as it recommend by a friend as I going to Fife I placed the details in and it seemed ok As I was driving it had no volume you have to pay for this I had now uninstalled it and use Google maps until something better comes along .
Thanks again for the help with this matter as the other email address and phone and it was so good feeling about the other day I was a little late but I'll get .
Easy to use! I watched the videos while brushing my teeth .
Perfect segments of information for a daily dose of learning .
The videos made it easy and entertaining to learn extremely important lessons! I'm a therapist and recommend this to my clients .
GLYMPSE stopped working .
Don't know what happened, but a few weeks ago, the Glympse feature within Message+ stopped working .
The only way I can use Glympse now is by setting either the Samsung or Android message app a Default, and use the separate Glympse app .
It sucks too because we used it frequently .
No longer usable .
Keep getting the "Could not connect to internet.  Changes will not be saved. " error .
I tried reopening, restarting and reinstalling .
Can't login .
Previous to this, the app consistently crashed while accessing the "Rewards" section .
Lots of potential, too many bugs .
I have never lived in Illinois, it resets home there often .
the rude adds take away my home button so I'm forced to participate with them, just to get a terrible prediction about precipitation .
If this app were my neighbor we would respectfully fist fight in the front yard, daily until the lesser said uncle 😆 .
Doesn't do much, but delivers as promised .
I bought gas at Wal Mart/Murphy's with my first cash out .
Going to claim $25 Amazon card next  .
Straight to the point app  .
Edit / backup / restore  .
Highly recommended  .
Keep your contacts safe -- forever  .
From all the schedule planners and/or to-do list apps I've used, this is so far the best and works with me well  .