Usefull for people who are giving competitive exams .
I USED ANOTHER APP AND IT DID IT IN 10 SECONDS IT ALSO COUDNT FIND MY VIDEO I WANTED TO TRIM FOR WHATSAPP .
It is very good that someone has put a lot into creating such a very good app and offered it for free without annoying ads .
Better than average path finding, has a nice, straightforward UI .
A bit too much HIIT for my taste .
Please add this on and you'll have a good app and I'll give you five stars .
Map colors don't often fill in regions woth the proper color .
Sometimes e readings from specific monitors difficult to get .
It works but there are other apps that do the same thing better without the incessant ads .
I've done 137k steps since 2nd Sept but only 109k are recorded in my challenge .
Great app, everyone should try this app at least once🖤 .
Not everyone has the money and mental health shouldn't and should never come with a price .
1. No audio after, if a person pick up a phone call during Skype call .
This is the first program I could conveniently use to control work/rest cycles .
Everything I run app and leave it running in the background my distance and time reset to zero .
If only there was a 'Push to reconnect to a Signal' button on the app! .
the Best planning app I have seen install and enjoy .
And loved it .
Very usefull for studying as it tells you the duration you have properly studied .
It was a destable thing for vice president harris to visit NASA .
Perfect segments of information for a daily dose of learning .
Tried different configuration options and none worked for me .
Pretty disappointed .
Great app .
Not perfect but better than available alternatives .
Thanks mates! For building such a nice app  .
Not good .
i always forget what im gonna do so this is the perfect app for u if u forget things eo quick like me .
Very easy and informative ky3 is 👍,I watch ky3 all the time to catch the local news and weather in the ozarks .
Takes a minute to get the hang of the app, but after you do it's great .
This app is amazing but will give 5 stars once you are able to use multiple templates in the journal entries .
NOTHING! What is the problem? Instructions found in HELP section do not work .
Extremely usefull for procrastinators It gives you an idea of how much you need to do and how much you have already done .
other than that, its an okay app .
Offline .
Maybe it's my phone? But I find it so awkward .
really disappointed .
You send out 3 updates a week, the first update your app works great .
just rlly annoying with the lock screen .
I've been falling back into a dark place recently .
Sorry I just realized that I haven't give you 5 stars until now .
Byeeeeeeeeeeee .
App really sucks at speed,,, it takes more than a day to reach the other users, people forget what they were talking .
It's good when there are traffic jams as it gives you alternative routes .
App was good for long time .
Well done people .
It is epic majestic street view app I recommend you download this app and use .
now everything of MS outlook is visible here .
Non user-friendly problems .
It's also very slow .
It' so good 👍 keeps me on track! Thank you Easy Bills Reminder, you've helped me a great deal .
I haven't seen on any other navigation this 3d - 2d view , it's so helpful .
This one has been the most accurate app between 01/15/21 and 02/02/2021 .
Please stop billing my card and cancel this .
Could be A LOT better .
Fake my GPS location when active .
For instance to have a way to delay it 5 minutes a half an hour a day something like that .
Hands down, best app .
App won't stay on in the background therefore I can't get my notifications when they come through .
But now add pops up when I want to check the weather with no apparent way to delete it .
I like the privacy aspect a lot .
Update to my original post, everything has been going great with the app for a while now .
I'm all in .
They are billing my acct $26.99 per year .
Once it comes back, you repeat that cyclee so now incamt even finish the one I currently have open .
It's a very informative and very thorough .
Edit / backup / restore .
If this app were my neighbor we would respectfully fist fight in the front yard, daily until the lesser said uncle 😆 .
I just want to flick through weeks .
I really love this app .
I can go at my own pace .
Gunna have to go back to the old Samsung watch .
I've performed many tests for accuracy against other apps .
Try raoo .
Pls continue to stick to a privacy first model .
You should make it in the next update where you can get half of the credit vault, but if you want the full amount you pay .
GLYMPSE stopped working .
No sound, no notice,no vibration, no pop up .
But still cannot upload the map 😭 plis help me .
Love it!! Great app!! If you fly Quadcopter as a hobby, or any kind of RC flyer, you'll need this app .
Very helpful easy to understand great outlook of forecast .
Sound can be bit louder .
Right now they're randomly ordered .
Still no reply .
Also add more cars .
I forgot to turn it off and now have a top walking speed of 33mph because I got on a bus .
I hate that the camera video jiggles when I have to hold to record .
It has calmed me .
Android app, not so much right now .
I've been using two contacts for over 20 years now out of all the contact applications true contacts application is absolutely the best I recommend it as the number one contact application it has never in 20 years failed or let me down it has helped me to be able to go to my true contacts and look up old friends or even family members whose telephone numbers I have forgotten so far with true contacts I have over what 1, 000 on style people friends and family I'm Google Gmail member Terry Johnson .
This game is so nice and you can add more vichels and more buildings in that town and add a lobby .
Reminiscent of the Ctrl-W feature in WordPerfect or the Charmap feature in Windows .
It's very useful and the app is easy to use! It helped me a lot trough my suicidal thoughts and anxiety .
It has the most variety and always new ones too .
Easy to use and nice to have all info in one place .
That way I could click on the item and I can open a photo to see what the heck it was my wife wanted .
Helped me so much with my productivity and organizing my life! .
If you want to freshen up an app you've used for a long while, this was a fresh add on .
It has the best widgets ive seen with lots of choices and customization which is mainly what I look for in an app .
Has annying links .
simple n good .
This app knows every concevable unit! Not quite as versatile as the linux command line tool, but still very useful .
Quick session and I feel like I've achieved something for the day .
Even leaving the app doesn't always work to clear the talking, forcing shutting down the phone to stop it .
A simple yet highly motivating tool to help improve overall wellness .
I can't even log out of the app .
Thanks again for the help with this matter as the other email address and phone and it was so good feeling about the other day I was a little late but I'll get .
Props .
Need to know how to play songs in background while playing .
So far so good but it told me I was getting three lines .
But I want to use the app from my phone .
I tried reopening, restarting and reinstalling .
Little confusing to find things at first but you get over that easily .
So why am i only getting two or three swipes and then its telling me thats all for now .
Dont advertise dark theme if it is only available when the system supports it .
I want to love this app but the address navigation is terrible .
You have to select by city/town/locality .
This makes it super easy too note down and categorize a task for later, then mark them off as you complete them .
And every main lists has sublists that you can organize .
Its great that you can do daily check ins and write down your thoughts .
They pick and choose which cameras you can use this with .
Workout range from really short (5-6 min) to an hour and longer .
It's always fixed at top right .
Still trying to get s hold of it, hoping I get more styles .
Just need few additional features like adding inbetween comments of tracking for future reference .
First, on the notification mapping page, categorize the alerts .
All good so far .
Very detailed wirh all the info you need about weather local or global .
Fortunately alternatives, e.g.  Waze continue to operate satisfactorily on those occasions .
Do not use .
the rude adds take away my home button so I'm forced to participate with them, just to get a terrible prediction about precipitation .
Hopefully the bug issues are fixed .
That was one of the things I used on the app a-lot as it would put a suggestion of sanvello music - according to how your day was- and now it doesn't! I've messaged the team and they just ignore me each time .
Can you explain why? .
Good for planning your outing especially fishing with a boat .
The app has a lot of glitches, it does it job .
Easy to use, has been helpful in achieving my daily goals .
The only improvement that I feel is required at this point is to have the option to mark the unachieved tasks as "Fail" or something .
I love this app! I've had it for yrs .
It would be AWESOME to have working in this phone .
3. The lag to switch front and back camera is too much, literally it takes around 3-5 seconds to switch camera .
Initially gave it 4 stars but having tried it out further I can see a lot of effort has gone into creating this app which has many features that are very useful .
I am planning a trip to El Salvador in Central America and this app can tell me the weather conditions in that country .
Can you please2 add the option to retick the tasks on the days before? Thank you .
Although walking is auto, you need to activate it manually to capture elevation .
I think the money spent could be used somewhere else on those who need the money most .
Could have had some more useful features and better aesthetics .
Some of the less important parts of the interface feel a bit clunky at first, but after a bit of practice, they're easy to remember .
Moving between the Windows and Android versions is pretty easy as is switching between tablet and phone .
!!! ####What do your pop-ups look like? NO POPUPS!! All I see is that they notified but there's no detail!!?? Need different formats available when in the popup style .
Fix the app and then I'm open to giving it more stars .
Voice navigation, weather app is interesting app for use to check weather updates 🙂 .
It's a little misleading to beginners .
I'm uninstalling it .
I love this app .
This is really just more privacy invading bloatware I have no use for & no way to disable or even uninstall I am stuck with this bloatware .
Stupid! .
4) Widget to show time cans .
Even tried by locking the app, no use .
Hats off to the creator and all those who port it to Android (and elsewhere) so we can get a puzzle fix when we should be working .
They need to make some people in the community moderators to help remove the fake profiles .
Decided to use it after years of not using it (used to love it) and the last few time have been super buggy .
The app is great .
Very grateful .
As theres times where you report a fake profile and weeks later they still exist .
You have to pay for it .
But unfortunately to be able to fully access and find tools that are helpful to you .
Won't let me just exit i have another walking app however it's in metrics which I don't like, im old school cause I'm old, lol I got this app because it did it in miles if I wanted .
It covers all the necessary aspects of survival and even ones most people wouldn't consider .
If I tap "Share Location", and select a Contact Name, it asks that person to share their location with  me .
I love the interface and look of this application but your killing me with these updates .
Harris and the administration she's with are an embarrassment to NASA and the whole world .
Well the content on groups are all 18+ stuff a lot of spam bots, scamers and many more .
Good App but cant store measurement info only the image .
I bought gas at Wal Mart/Murphy's with my first cash out .
Without tracking pace, there is no guarantee that 30 minutes equals a 5k .
2. Unable to turn the camera on sometimes .
Leaving me stranded for a whole hour an a sick individual tried to assault me sexually .
I would like to financially support the developer, but I do NOT want a subscription service .
Recommended! .
And most of all IT'S FREE .
Felt too clunky for me .
Would love to see more strength workouts .
Will revisit again to see if it improves over time but doesn't work well enough for me, yet .
---- It does everything it says it does .
Bugs: .
Better you need to understand the real problem of your app .
I tried this out as an intermediate runner, to use as a motivational tool .
I enjoyed the app, but I feel like it should be called "0 to 30" .
Guys, you have to optimize power consumption .
And when I search *heart, I want *hearts icons to appear too .
I'm not happy with every time I'm done with my walk i go to exit out, brings me straight to an add .
Would be nice to see the cardinal direction on the map when navigating .
Very useful app .
The fact is the security they placed to catch fake profiles isnt helping .
in this website giving bulk what's app and what's app auto reply and bot also .
& then when I tell them that you can change every thing on it to whatever color you choose & that it comes in a widget they are envious instantly & just have to copy me & download the app to their phone also lol Thanks Weather Neon .
Fantastic app, great experience and very easy to use .
I can login to web version though .
App not working and camera broke after few months that's the second one now I got replacement once before .
If I tap "Request Location", and select a Contact Name", it asks that person to share their location with  me .
If you're calibrated, and correctly set your time and location, this app works flawlessly .
Not sending any data anymore .
and its FREE! Thank you .
So Far not bad but still trying to figure it out hoping I can use different notifications sounds for each contact but we will see also need to get more features .
That's the whole reason I paid for it .
Also, hoping this would be available for desktops too .
I use this app almost every day .
Screw these stupid Ads that I will NOT Click on .
Impossible to see live traffic in Dark Mode, fussy entry of destinations on BMW CarPlay (kept jumping to irrelevant list, hard to return to the alphabet), lack of relevant destination addresses (Australia), doesn't seem to identify where police are hiding .
It sucks too because we used it frequently .
And if you try to reach out to them about it they will ignore you!!! .
Automatically moves your location away from where you want it to be .
Have had gold for a while now .
When p0pup comes up you can't touch anything and be able to set up further reminder at 1 Hour 2 hours a day Etc like some other apps .
Great app let's you discover what's going on around you and allows you to find housing or hotel around the venues area .
Lots of potential, too many bugs .
Doesn't do much, but delivers as promised .
As soon as you click on an event it deletes the event .
Lot of nasty stuff on this .
I have seen others note that it causes issues with Google maps; my suggestion would be to turn it off before trying to use Google maps for navigation! App works as advertised .
I downloaded this on my phone first, & then I downloaded it on my tablet for when I'm at home & the text size on my tablet is almost the same as my phone .
Samsung galaxy s21 ultra, lovely app just need a revamped screen and possibly a longer outlook .
If you like bike racing game you should download this game😘 .
I am NOT giving Google access to all my personal information .
App doesn't recognize new password I just set up .
It is profoundly accurate .
I have never lived in Illinois, it resets home there often .
As for the rest, ad free and basic .
My only complaint is the text size .
It's got separate lists for everything .
Map downloads are insanely slow-- expect many hours to download a single map .
Getting worse now .
A few stuff that would improve the app: 1) Ability to toggle which activities can send push notifications 2) improve text readability of stats 3) show time spent on activities over the course of a week/month/etc .
Need assistance .
Keep getting the "Could not connect to internet.  Changes will not be saved. " error .
Cloud storage use could be simpler, but no real complaints .
This app desperately needs a fix .
Be sure to read the refund policy before deciding on a purchase of this app .
I just wish all practices in an area used this app .
Don't know what happened, but a few weeks ago, the Glympse feature within Message+ stopped working .
Strangely underrated .
I'm like most new reviews here .
The entry prompts are great but you can only use one at a time .
But it is missing the truco card game .
Really good, just need a new feature to be able to move a task from one quadrant to another without having to delete and rewrite it .
The next app update and the weather will no longer update .
However, there are some significant gaps in the numbers .
Having to manually turn on/off cycling and running is pretty annoying .
Awesome!!! Really help me to use whatsapp in my tablet .
But it's either not working correctly or times are delayed or wrong .
Quick, easy to use and simple UI .
I wonder why i no longer receive emails into my inbox .
Great for outlining and spacially arranging ideas and small projects; my favorite among others I've tried .
Nice app, you wont regret your data for downloading .
I love how minimalistic it is with the relevant features .
DONT INSTALL SO SLOW SPLITTING A 5 MINUTE VIDEO .
Great app I use it all the time! .
This app used to be good but Spotify is no longer connecting up .
Five stars .
it also doesnt cound more than half of my steps .
If you fill out one prompt then go to another, it will delete your previous entry .
I HOPE the issue can be resolved! .
10/10 the best game to play and never get bored of it! Lovely .
I also love that you can put schedule and alarms on the calendar with choice of reminders .
Oh, I'm not playing for a month and then when I'm playing today,it was only 3 cars instead of 20 cars .
Well done and many thanks .
Love love love it! Good job! 👍🌟💯👏♥️ .
Searching by the POI was even more unreliable .
No charges .
This app isn't worth a hoot .
I love this App! For those who have short term memory loss .
my child loved creating their own monster avatar .
This is a very user friendly application .
GREAT GAME .
It also helps you clean up your brain .
Still by far the best puzzle collection .
We do all our work with web version and it's great .
"Share your location with me" .
I do wish it had the option to have an incognito mode when you put your password in backwards or something in case you needed to hide a gift list or something when someone questioned what was in there so that you could show them without actually showing them your true notes .
I can't connect it to my phone unless it's not recording and that defeats the purpose .
Works great on PC when using as default app on phone .
I'm tryin to cancel this service and can't find that option anywhere .
Support gives no solution .
If you are going to plan an outing, yard work or need to drive when bad weather is expected, the hourly predictions and radar will provide the information you need to do it safely and help you manage your day/week .
Going to claim $25 Amazon card next .
This was advertised as a free countdown widget app, but upon setting up the app, you have to pay for the premium version of the app to use the widget .
It would be amazing if when you add a prompt, it creates a new line of text below your current text .
Previous to this, the app consistently crashed while accessing the "Rewards" section .
Accurate and reliable .
From the tons of cars and mods, to the tuning of many parts .
Totally free as well .
All other reminder apps are working perfectly except this .
No reason at all to be forced to login to your Google account (if you even have one) and forced to allow Google access to all your personal information on that account .
The only other issue you could have is dropping your phone so much you ruin the sensors, and at that point how are you going to expect this app to work properly? Essentially, the 1 star reviewers have bad hardware or a bad brain, usually both .
People don't know how to use technology and then blame the app or developers .
I still miss this one .
I would much rather the text for the rules of the games scale to the size of the device .
I called the cops and Metro and nothing got done, no one got in trouble and that sick bastard still out there .
I do really like the reminder to warm up and cool down, steps I often skip .
It does exactly what I need it to do .
The amount of games & also the link to the products is great .
There are plenty of diagrams explaning how to craft certain tools and what to look for .
Both "Share" and "Request" asks the same question .
No point in using an app that will just take your money like that .
Unfortunately, the maps of this app are not updated .
No experience but after reading all the reviews I shall stick with ( real racing 3 ) it's not without issues but still a great racing game 🙂 .
The colors won't change, when I try to customize my neon .
Thought give up .
Like the simple app, but hate the page turning .
Other than that it's an amazing application 👏 .
One issue I could not manage is when the screen turns off, the program still shows controls and if you keep the phone in your pocket, those buttons are pressed randomly .
Straight to the point app .
And with corresponding tasks below .
Great easy to use app, and notification screen is simple to use .
This has the best design and feel of any weather app I've used .
Uninstalled without using! .
From all the schedule planners and/or to-do list apps I've used, this is so far the best and works with me well .
It used to work well for me, explain what can be the root problem of this? .
Love it .
Would like to have custom categories but otherwise the app is perfect .
Love this app, it's free and really useful for time and activity tracking .
Easy to follow, clear instructions .
It would be nice if you add "Sort Alphabetically" .
To talking in the background that are hard to stop .
Can't login .
Very useful info, especially for lung safety & health .
It's so easy to navigate that it doesn't even need a tutorial .
I love this app! I've used it for years to keep track of things or to jot ideas down .
So far i love this app .
Nice app .
I'll gladly pay for it .
Thanks so much to THIS app's developer for providing this extremely important information! .
😆 this is for you! No pop ads to where you have to wait till you get into the app .
& i love that everytime one of my girlfriends dee it on my phone they're like, "that's so NEON", "that's a dope app", "where can I get it" .
earlier flagged email was not shown in this app .
I wish there was paid version in which the maps would be updated everyday , and there would be things like traffic and delays .
I would pay for such a pro version, but it doesn't exist .
Couldn't get past thinking up a password, too hard for my depression .
NASA needs to refrain from allowing TRAITIORS to step foot on NASA .
Cash is the way to go .
What is going on with all the app updates .
We took our bikes on a long cross-country tour and were able to reroute most days to a great trail nearby .
Keeps asking for access to my contacts and photo's a navigation app does NOT need access to my contacts and photo's it's for navigation NOT to make calls or take pictures .
Can listen, dont show location .
The only way I can use Glympse now is by setting either the Samsung or Android message app a Default, and use the separate Glympse app .
Please add a tile/widget to add as well as see existing tasks, too, then this would be perfect .
Everything is great about the app, especially the paid version .
I am not a big user of such apps as I'm retired and only need the basics so I don't need the premium app .
To be honest I'm going to look for a different one .
Tons of flexibility with how your maps look and function .
but overall experience is good .
A clean concise app that makes up for yet another feature Android forgot .
Nag free .
But overall love the app .
I'm sure the premium one is much much better .
App NOT Wprking on Samsung Galaxy Fold .
Go to any zip code .
Great trail app, too many popups asking you to subscribe .
love the ability to see how my child is doing and the messaging function is great .
I LOVE Kodi! It worked on my previous Samsung A-71, but I upgraded to the Fold and it says preparing first run before the screen goes black .
Best app on my phone .
I've spoke to Spotify too and they state it is a fault with sanvello .
& everytime I get a new phone this is one of the first apps i download .
It's a pretty great app and I have had it for several years now just incase and cuz it is an interesting read when you have no service .
photos straight up never send/ arrive, there's a notification whenever a text sends that's RIGHT over the spacebar, and it turns text faces into emojis; NONE of these things can be fixed in settings .
It doesn't take up much storage space compared to how potentially lifesaving it is .
Then the next update the weather no longer updates .
I was stuck on a bus stop waiting on the next bus, because the one I should've been on, decided to run early .
Request don't waste your time to download this app .
Love this game but there is one thing wrong, and that is the credit vault .
many free apps are having more features .
I already paid but why still can't add the widget? It's keep saying to upgrade .
Good for creating a solid foundation for self care .
That’s a great app for tracking your time allocation to narrow down the wastage of time .
But a regular annoyance is the app's reluctance to reconnect (after a loss of signal) to enable traffic information to be accessed, even though a signal is available, from either the phone's mobile network or wi-fi in the car .
At bare minimum, make them alphabetical .
Kudos! 👍 .
I love this game .
I think I'm just going to cancel this- I mean - it's almost ending anyway .
just to be able to use a texting app! People need to start saying NO to stuff like this .
I'm a pilot and I start here and drill down .
An excellent option for the shopping list would be to have the ability to add a photograph .
Excellent app for organizing thoughts, papers, whatever .
I sign up again to retrieve old messages, but cant get them .
Overall an excellent app .
Second, the alerts don't bypass the phone sound settings .
It is a very good game but I have it only 4star because sometime when the game has start some player have alredy have diamond sword and golden Armor because they were hackers so I dont like it but it is a teall good game all have to try this nice game🤗🤗 .
Easy to use! I watched the videos while brushing my teeth .
Thanx for making an app that actually helps me out .
Great weather app for getting any perspective you could ask for .
But the ads is killing me .
I appreciate others advising on the best best thing because I'm not about to download 50 different new apps in search of something similar .
People often overestimate/underestimate the amount of time they did a certain task this app helps you to have a record of the said task .
This game is very good bike racing game  .
Thanks for info about android wear app .
Sometimes roads disappear from the screen and the screen is blank which isn't very helpful when navigating .
I stronly recommend it! .
App is incredibly annoying to use .
I really love how I can use the website to pick the packages to track .
Would help you had sound I downloaded this as it recommend by a friend as I going to Fife I placed the details in and it seemed ok As I was driving it had no volume you have to pay for this I had now uninstalled it and use Google maps until something better comes along .
