An excellent option for the shopping list would be to have the ability to add a photograph .
I think I'm just going to cancel this- I mean - it's almost ending anyway .
can't log in my fcebook and gmail but i love mtb project .
Keeps asking for access to my contacts and photo's a navigation app does NOT need access to my contacts and photo's it's for navigation NOT to make calls or take pictures .
The entry prompts are great but you can only use one at a time .
Totally free as well .
It's also very slow .
Not good .
Disgraceful customer service! .
Lots of potential, too many bugs .
Would help you had sound I downloaded this as it recommend by a friend as I going to Fife I placed the details in and it seemed ok As I was driving it had no volume you have to pay for this I had now uninstalled it and use Google maps until something better comes along .
Have used and paid for! this app for several years .
Would be nice to see the cardinal direction on the map when navigating .
So far so good but it told me I was getting three lines .
I got myself TomTomGo , because I need reliable updated navigation .
And if you try to reach out to them about it they will ignore you!!! .
Overall an excellent app .
Previous to this, the app consistently crashed while accessing the "Rewards" section .
I haven't seen on any other navigation this 3d - 2d view , it's so helpful .
Love love love it! Good job! 👍🌟💯👏♥️ .
Fantastic app, great experience and very easy to use .
The interface is more functional than I would have expected .
😆 this is for you! No pop ads to where you have to wait till you get into the app .
There are videos to show me how to do the stretch correctly if I am not sure .
Map colors don't often fill in regions woth the proper color .
App not working and camera broke after few months that's the second one now I got replacement once before .
Samsung galaxy s21 ultra, lovely app just need a revamped screen and possibly a longer outlook .
That way I could click on the item and I can open a photo to see what the heck it was my wife wanted .
This makes it super easy too note down and categorize a task for later, then mark them off as you complete them .
Great easy to use app, and notification screen is simple to use .
But the ads is killing me .
Great game I like it please bring some more good games like this game 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍🤜🤛🤜🤛🤜🤛🤜🤛 .
I'm a pilot and I start here and drill down .
I really love how I can use the website to pick the packages to track .
I hate that the camera video jiggles when I have to hold to record .
It has way more color coding options for appointments that Google Calendar offers, which is very helpful .
Excellent app for organizing thoughts, papers, whatever .
I am not a big user of such apps as I'm retired and only need the basics so I don't need the premium app .
This app isn't worth a hoot .
Props .
We took our bikes on a long cross-country tour and were able to reroute most days to a great trail nearby .
There are some days where i missed tick-ing them .
Increase the level of this stupid app All rank is easily achieved N make it tough after UDARNIK .
App drains battery like teenager pumpkin spice latte .
2. Unable to turn the camera on sometimes .
This app desperately needs a fix .
Doesn't want inside leg measurement .
Could have had some more useful features and better aesthetics .
I love this app! I've had it for yrs .
Is a well done job that needed award .
No sound, no notice,no vibration, no pop up .
Also, widgets cannot be resized .
Great weather app for getting any perspective you could ask for .
in this website giving bulk what's app and what's app auto reply and bot also .
Really good, just need a new feature to be able to move a task from one quadrant to another without having to delete and rewrite it .
The only improvement that I feel is required at this point is to have the option to mark the unachieved tasks as "Fail" or something .
Accurate and reliable .
Sometimes roads disappear from the screen and the screen is blank which isn't very helpful when navigating .
the Best planning app I have seen install and enjoy .
It also helps you clean up your brain .
Wow nice game I liked the music 🎶 And the Duel races .
Need to know how to play songs in background while playing .
I also love that you can put schedule and alarms on the calendar with choice of reminders .
Support gives no solution .
!!! ####What do your pop-ups look like? NO POPUPS!! All I see is that they notified but there's no detail!!?? Need different formats available when in the popup style .
I had 5 passes on my account and they've expired .
Fix the app and then I'm open to giving it more stars .
10-april-22 - the app wont let me change or add color palettes anymore .
& i love that everytime one of my girlfriends dee it on my phone they're like, "that's so NEON", "that's a dope app", "where can I get it" .
Workout range from really short 5-6 min to an hour and longer .
Stupid! .
Love it!! Great app!! If you fly Quadcopter as a hobby, or any kind of RC flyer, you'll need this app .
Offline .
Fun to use with the medal challenges .
I do really like the reminder to warm up and cool down, steps I often skip .
Perfect segments of information for a daily dose of learning .
It wd be good if you add timer or reminder .
The fact is the security they placed to catch fake profiles isnt helping .
Quick, easy to use and simple UI .
Also, hoping this would be available for desktops too .
Most of the integers are good, but there's a jump from 8 to 20 minutes in one week, then another from 10 to 22 another week, which again seems unrealistic for a beginner .
But it is missing the truco card game .
just rlly annoying with the lock screen .
Couldn't get past thinking up a password, too hard for my depression .
Guys, you have to optimize power consumption .
Decided to use it after years of not using it (used to love it) and the last few time have been super buggy .
Easy format to understand .
Straight to the point app .
Don't know what happened, but a few weeks ago, the Glympse feature within Message+ stopped working .
Lot of nasty stuff on this .
But overall love the app .
Takes a minute to get the hang of the app, but after you do it's great .
Better than average path finding, has a nice, straightforward UI .
I love this game .
Strangely underrated .
I look for a long time for such a type of app till I find this amazing app👍👍 👍 .
As theres times where you report a fake profile and weeks later they still exist .
4 Widget to show time cans .
If I tap "Share Location", and select a Contact Name, it asks that person to share their location with me .
i have yet to check features like reminder .
I appreciate others advising on the best best thing because I'm not about to download 50 different new apps in search of something similar .
