I tried this out as an intermediate runner, to use as a motivational tool .
Without tracking pace, there is no guarantee that 30 minutes equals a 5k .
Non user-friendly problems .
It's good when there are traffic jams as it gives you alternative routes .
I called the cops and Metro and nothing got done, no one got in trouble and that sick bastard still out there .
A few stuff that would improve the app: 1 Ability to toggle which activities can send push notifications 2 improve text readability of stats 3 show time spent on activities over the course of a week/month/etc .
All other reminder apps are working perfectly except this .
I would never have knowingly agreed to that .
4. Sometimes the camera still works for few more seconds even after turned off during video calls .
That’s a great app for tracking your time allocation to narrow down the wastage of time .
but overall experience is good .
Recommended! .
This has the best design and feel of any weather app I've used .
The only other issue you could have is dropping your phone so much you ruin the sensors, and at that point how are you going to expect this app to work properly? Essentially, the 1 star reviewers have bad hardware or a bad brain, usually both .
Nice app, you wont regret your data for downloading .
I love this app .
Although walking is auto, you need to activate it manually to capture elevation .
This app used to be good but Spotify is no longer connecting up .
Great trail app, too many popups asking you to subscribe .
It doesn't take up much storage space compared to how potentially lifesaving it is .
I love this app! I've used it for years to keep track of things or to jot ideas down .
Try raoo .
I HOPE the issue can be resolved! .
I can login to web version though .
Oh, I'm not playing for a month and then when I'm playing today,it was only 3 cars instead of 20 cars .
It is very good that someone has put a lot into creating such a very good app and offered it for free without annoying ads .
newly improved version is too good .
Reminiscent of the Ctrl-W feature in WordPerfect or the Charmap feature in Windows .
Last time I ran it, It couldn't calculate correct distance ran .
Leaving me stranded for a whole hour an a sick individual tried to assault me sexually .
One issue I could not manage is when the screen turns off, the program still shows controls and if you keep the phone in your pocket, those buttons are pressed randomly .
"Share your location with me" .
Cash is the way to go .
Sometimes e readings from specific monitors difficult to get .
But good thing I know how to defend myself .
I like the privacy aspect a lot .
Like the simple app, but hate the page turning .
I wonder why i no longer receive emails into my inbox .
Great for outlining and spacially arranging ideas and small projects; my favorite among others I've tried .
Felt too clunky for me .
At bare minimum, make them alphabetical .
Dev, give me the option to outright buy the app .
Still trying to get s hold of it, hoping I get more styles .
Update to my original post, everything has been going great with the app for a while now .
It helps as in I don't have to constantly take the SD card out but it's slow and I'm no way will it let me use it as a controller for my garmin 45 .
Not everyone has the money and mental health shouldn't and should never come with a price .
Fake my GPS location when active .
No reason at all to be forced to login to your Google account if you even have one and forced to allow Google access to all your personal information on that account .
Extreme alerts should at least have the option to bypass silent/vibrate modes .
No point in using an app that will just take your money like that .
Easy to use! I watched the videos while brushing my teeth .
It sucks too because we used it frequently .
This was advertised as a free countdown widget app, but upon setting up the app, you have to pay for the premium version of the app to use the widget .
really disappointed .
---- It does everything it says it does .
I downloaded this on my phone first, & then I downloaded it on my tablet for when I'm at home & the text size on my tablet is almost the same as my phone .
Simple and hassle free .
I was ecstatic really to have found this app .
If you like bike racing game you should download this game😘 .
I'm not happy with every time I'm done with my walk i go to exit out, brings me straight to an add .
the rude adds take away my home button so I'm forced to participate with them, just to get a terrible prediction about precipitation .
Tons of flexibility with how your maps look and function .
It's a very informative and very thorough .
Very useful info, especially for lung safety & health .
Voice navigation, weather app is interesting app for use to check weather updates 🙂 .
You have to pay for it .
Can't login .
Request don't waste your time to download this app .
I think the money spent could be used somewhere else on those who need the money most .
Great app .
If only there was a 'Push to reconnect to a Signal' button on the app! .
This is also really handy on Bluetooth keyboards that can't access even Android's limited character input which makes me glad it's NOT integrated with a stock keyboard .
I just wish all practices in an area used this app .
But unfortunately to be able to fully access and find tools that are helpful to you .
A clean concise app that makes up for yet another feature Android forgot .
A simple yet highly motivating tool to help improve overall wellness .
Poorly made, messages don't come through when you're in the app, you have to open it again and even then they don't show half the time .
Just what I wanted in a weather app .
Just gets junkier and junkier .
Great app I use it all the time! .
Usefull for people who are giving competitive exams .
More grace to the developer .
Not perfect but better than available alternatives .
Bugs: .
Great app, everyone should try this app at least once🖤 .
I am planning a trip to El Salvador in Central America and this app can tell me the weather conditions in that country .
This app knows every concevable unit! Not quite as versatile as the linux command line tool, but still very useful .
Good App but cant store measurement info only the image .
And when I search *heart, I want *hearts icons to appear too .
If you want to freshen up an app you've used for a long while, this was a fresh add on .
That was one of the things I used on the app a-lot as it would put a suggestion of sanvello music - according to how your day was- and now it doesn't! I've messaged the team and they just ignore me each time .
UPDATE3: Dear Milan, App still not working even on another phone with all power & battery optimization disabled .
If this app were my neighbor we would respectfully fist fight in the front yard, daily until the lesser said uncle 😆 .
GLYMPSE stopped working .
Very usefull for studying as it tells you the duration you have properly studied .
The app is great .
Pretty disappointed .
Extremely usefull for procrastinators It gives you an idea of how much you need to do and how much you have already done .
And i cant rely on reporting profiles as theres an insane amount of fake profile .
People don't know how to use technology and then blame the app or developers .
This game is very good bike racing game .
You send out 3 updates a week, the first update your app works great .
Thanx for making an app that actually helps me out .
It is a very good game but I have it only 4star because sometime when the game has start some player have alredy have diamond sword and golden Armor because they were hackers so I dont like it but it is a teall good game all have to try this nice game🤗🤗 .
just to be able to use a texting app! People need to start saying NO to stuff like this .
I had follow the instruction to upload KMZ file on android 12 .
and its FREE! Thank you .
Sound can be bit louder .
5 ⭐ rating .
I still miss this one .
This application has changed my life!!! The only thing I would change is for the administrator of the list to have more control and the other members not as well as being ableto send individual reminders .
Going to claim $25 Amazon card next .
Will revisit again to see if it improves over time but doesn't work well enough for me, yet .
Helped me so much with my productivity and organizing my life! .
I can't connect it to my phone unless it's not recording and that defeats the purpose .
Initially gave it 4 stars but having tried it out further I can see a lot of effort has gone into creating this app which has many features that are very useful .
now everything of MS outlook is visible here .
It's very useful and the app is easy to use! It helped me a lot trough my suicidal thoughts and anxiety .
I'm sure the premium one is much much better .
Good for creating a solid foundation for self care .
The videos made it easy and entertaining to learn extremely important lessons! I'm a therapist and recommend this to my clients .
That's the whole reason I paid for it .
It' so good 👍 keeps me on track! Thank you Easy Bills Reminder, you've helped me a great deal .
I already paid but why still can't add the widget? It's keep saying to upgrade .
Do not use .
So why am i only getting two or three swipes and then its telling me thats all for now .
Very useful app .
Constant ads trying to upsell you .
Kudos! 👍 .
It has calmed me .
I've done 137k steps since 2nd Sept but only 109k are recorded in my challenge .
It covers all the necessary aspects of survival and even ones most people wouldn't consider .
What an absolute joke! The challenges won't even load they say "Data cannot be loaded right now" .
Very grateful .
And most of all IT'S FREE .
Moving between the Windows and Android versions is pretty easy as is switching between tablet and phone .
Very helpful easy to understand great outlook of forecast .
Just need few additional features like adding inbetween comments of tracking for future reference .
We do all our work with web version and it's great .
Thanks for info about android wear app .
Hopefully the bug issues are fixed .
Other than that it's an amazing application 👏 .
Keep your contacts safe -- forever .
Nice little tool for tasks that don't need a date .
Quite intuitive for the most part .
I want to love this app but the address navigation is terrible .
So far i love this app .
Second, the alerts don't bypass the phone sound settings .
My phone says: This app has 787 irregular activities since last charge which is excessive processor usage when screen is off." .
Do not use this garbage app .
My only complaint is the text size .
Edit / backup / restore .
DONT INSTALL SO SLOW SPLITTING A 5 MINUTE VIDEO .
I bought gas at Wal Mart/Murphy's with my first cash out .
It is good to be able to track your heart rate and save these things because your doctor could review this and help diagnose a potential issue and treat it early on rather than too late .
I love the interface and look of this application but your killing me with these updates .
I used this app for years .
Love it .
My only wish is that it has some radar and satellite maps .
It's so easy to navigate that it doesn't even need a tutorial .
It's really anoying to install this app!! I don't recommend this .
1. Unable to move camera thumbnail position .
I'm like most new reviews here .
This one has been the most accurate app between 01/15/21 and 02/02/2021 .
If you fill out one prompt then go to another, it will delete your previous entry .
Uninstalled without using! .
App won't stay on in the background therefore I can't get my notifications when they come through .
The colors won't change, when I try to customize my neon .
From the tons of cars and mods, to the tuning of many parts .
Fortunately alternatives, e.g. Waze continue to operate satisfactorily on those occasions .
I would much rather the text for the rules of the games scale to the size of the device .
It's a little misleading to beginners .
I have several but have to use different video apps .
Five stars .
Easy to use and nice to have all info in one place .
Gunna have to go back to the old Samsung watch .
I'm tryin to cancel this service and can't find that option anywhere .
It's got separate lists for everything .
GREAT GAME .
I wish there was paid version in which the maps would be updated everyday , and there would be things like traffic and delays .
And every main lists has sublists that you can organize .
Would like to have custom categories but otherwise the app is perfect .
But now add pops up when I want to check the weather with no apparent way to delete it .
It's always fixed at top right .
Can you explain why? .
When p0pup comes up you can't touch anything and be able to set up further reminder at 1 Hour 2 hours a day Etc like some other apps .
Automatically moves your location away from where you want it to be .
Both "Share" and "Request" asks the same question .
As for the rest, ad free and basic .
Then you send out another update and the app works fine .
Doesn't do much, but delivers as promised .
The only bad thing about it is the frequent ads considering that I'm not using the pro version .
Best app on my phone .
I was stuck on a bus stop waiting on the next bus, because the one I should've been on, decided to run early .
10/10 the best game to play and never get bored of it! Lovely .
There are plenty of diagrams explaning how to craft certain tools and what to look for .
Exactly what I needed .
it also doesnt cound more than half of my steps .
So you'll select the city, the street, and then street number .
& then when I tell them that you can change every thing on it to whatever color you choose & that it comes in a widget they are envious instantly & just have to copy me & download the app to their phone also lol Thanks Weather Neon .
It was a destable thing for vice president harris to visit NASA .
Has annying links .
I'll gladly pay for it .
I seem it is a great way to do excersise bu himself .
I've been falling back into a dark place recently .
Awesome!!! Really help me to use whatsapp in my tablet .
This is the first program I could conveniently use to control work/rest cycles .
Easy to follow, clear instructions .
And with corresponding tasks below .
Then the next update the weather no longer updates .
other than that, its an okay app .
Nag free .
Dont advertise dark theme if it is only available when the system supports it .
I stronly recommend it! .
People often overestimate/underestimate the amount of time they did a certain task this app helps you to have a record of the said task .
Cloud storage use could be simpler, but no real complaints .
Edit - I installed the update and have not been able to use the app at all .
What is going on with all the app updates .
Add a DONATION BUTTON .
Impossible to see live traffic in Dark Mode, fussy entry of destinations on BMW CarPlay kept jumping to irrelevant list, hard to return to the alphabet, lack of relevant destination addresses Australia, doesn't seem to identify where police are hiding .
This is really just more privacy invading bloatware I have no use for & no way to disable or even uninstall I am stuck with this bloatware .
Good for planning your outing especially fishing with a boat .
Some of the less important parts of the interface feel a bit clunky at first, but after a bit of practice, they're easy to remember .
Won't let me just exit i have another walking app however it's in metrics which I don't like, im old school cause I'm old, lol I got this app because it did it in miles if I wanted .
I really love this app .
Please stop billing my card and cancel this .
But I want to use the app from my phone .
Know when to stay indoors, limit activity, avoid further microscopic damage to your lungs from smoke particulates .
Sorry I just realized that I haven't give you 5 stars until now .
The only way I can use Glympse now is by setting either the Samsung or Android message app a Default, and use the separate Glympse app .
Also add more cars .
earlier flagged email was not shown in this app .
photos straight up never send/ arrive, there's a notification whenever a text sends that's RIGHT over the spacebar, and it turns text faces into emojis; NONE of these things can be fixed in settings .
I use this app almost every day .
I forgot to turn it off and now have a top walking speed of 33mph because I got on a bus .
No longer usable .
Having to manually turn on/off cycling and running is pretty annoying .
Map downloads are insanely slow-- expect many hours to download a single map .
Thanks so much to THIS app's developer for providing this extremely important information! .
Still by far the best puzzle collection .
From all the schedule planners and/or to-do list apps I've used, this is so far the best and works with me well .
Everything I run app and leave it running in the background my distance and time reset to zero .
What happened? .
Even tried by locking the app, no use .
The hurricane predictions in south Louisiana are a must .
Love this app, it's free and really useful for time and activity tracking .
I'm all in .
Its great that you can do daily check ins and write down your thoughts .
Go to any zip code .
Well done and many thanks .
They need to make some people in the community moderators to help remove the fake profiles .
I'm uninstalling it .
A bit too much HIIT for my taste .
& everytime I get a new phone this is one of the first apps i download .
All good so far .
Love this game but there is one thing wrong, and that is the credit vault .
love the ability to see how my child is doing and the messaging function is great .
You can also insert images so you know instantly what the list is about .
It would be AWESOME to have working in this phone .
Little confusing to find things at first but you get over that easily .
Top notch and couldn't ask for more .
I love this App! For those who have short term memory loss .
It would be amazing if when you add a prompt, it creates a new line of text below your current text .
I sign up again to retrieve old messages, but cant get them .
As soon as you click on an event it deletes the event .
You should make it in the next update where you can get half of the credit vault, but if you want the full amount you pay .
The amount of games & also the link to the products is great .
I have a very up to date phone so idk .
Widget not the way it used to be No more 5 day forecast , temp and local temp .
Works great on PC when using as default app on phone .
It's hard for me to describe but I just love how it displays the weather data I want to see .
Best to do app I found so far! Keep up the good work guys! .
Great app let's you discover what's going on around you and allows you to find housing or hotel around the venues area .
This game is so nice and you can add more vichels and more buildings in that town and add a lobby .
Could be A LOT better .
It is profoundly accurate .
You have to select by city/town/locality .
many free apps are having more features .
To be honest I'm going to look for a different one .
Byeeeeeeeeeeee .
Very easy and informative ky3 is 👍,I watch ky3 all the time to catch the local news and weather in the ozarks .
Well done people .
NASA needs to refrain from allowing TRAITIORS to step foot on NASA .
App was good for long time .
I'm dropping my rating due to the length of time it takes to download maps .
I like the science but I don't particularly care who goes to the moon or Mars .
Thought give up .
I think this app is a GREAT help because it tells you if there are optimization problems with your phone created by the manufacturer and giives you ways to bypass those problems so the apps will function as designed by the app developer .
I've performed many tests for accuracy against other apps .
I can't even log out of the app .
They pick and choose which cameras you can use this with .
Hands down, best app .
Need assistance .
Have had gold for a while now .
Screw these stupid Ads that I will NOT Click on .
App really sucks at speed,,, it takes more than a day to reach the other users, people forget what they were talking .
No charges .
I can go at my own pace .
Thanks team! .
The app has a lot of glitches, it does it job .
It works but there are other apps that do the same thing better without the incessant ads .
Harris and the administration she's with are an embarrassment to NASA and the whole world .
Still no reply .
I just want to flick through weeks .
Maybe it's my phone? But I find it so awkward .
Right now they're randomly ordered .
simple n good .
I would pay for such a pro version, but it doesn't exist .
Ad free .
Would love to see more strength workouts .
1. No audio after, if a person pick up a phone call during Skype call .
Once it comes back, you repeat that cyclee so now incamt even finish the one I currently have open .
Not sending any data anymore .
This has been a huge help in remembering things i need to accomplish for the day .
Thanks mates! For building such a nice app .
Very handy guide to trails around the country .
Well the content on groups are all 18+ stuff a lot of spam bots, scamers and many more .
I tried reopening, restarting and reinstalling .
I would like to financially support the developer, but I do NOT want a subscription service .
For instance to have a way to delay it 5 minutes a half an hour a day something like that .
not worth, very few features, widget are also very limited .
Scam! Don't sign up for the free trial as they will take the money off your card .
The next app update and the weather will no longer update .
3. The lag to switch front and back camera is too much, literally it takes around 3-5 seconds to switch camera .
Tested on both Android and iPhone/Carplay using Waze as a comparison .
App doesn't recognize new password I just set up .
Better you need to understand the real problem of your app .
Searching by the POI was even more unreliable .
2. When the application is minimised, no way to know video is on .
But it's either not working correctly or times are delayed or wrong .
They are billing my acct $26.99 per year .
Hats off to the creator and all those who port it to Android and elsewhere so we can get a puzzle fix when we should be working .
It has the best widgets ive seen with lots of choices and customization which is mainly what I look for in an app .
However app could use work on customizing options .
It has the most variety and always new ones too .
Please add a tile/widget to add as well as see existing tasks, too, then this would be perfect .
NOTHING! What is the problem? Instructions found in HELP section do not work .
Thanks to you many people are going to become their best selfs me included .
It does exactly what I need it to do .
If you're calibrated, and correctly set your time and location, this app works flawlessly .
Pls continue to stick to a privacy first model .
i always forget what im gonna do so this is the perfect app for u if u forget things eo quick like me .
First, on the notification mapping page, categorize the alerts .
Even leaving the app doesn't always work to clear the talking, forcing shutting down the phone to stop it .
Such a shame .
It is epic majestic street view app I recommend you download this app and use .
I love how minimalistic it is with the relevant features .
Great app! I have 2 suggestions that would improve usability .
Needs additional features - using User ID/code instead of my phone number etc .
I USED ANOTHER APP AND IT DID IT IN 10 SECONDS IT ALSO COUDNT FIND MY VIDEO I WANTED TO TRIM FOR WHATSAPP .
I do wish it had the option to have an incognito mode when you put your password in backwards or something in case you needed to hide a gift list or something when someone questioned what was in there so that you could show them without actually showing them your true notes .
my child loved creating their own monster avatar .
I like this app because even I miss the news whether I now I'm still wach to the app .
To talking in the background that are hard to stop .
It used to work well for me, explain what can be the root problem of this? .
I LOVE Kodi! It worked on my previous Samsung A-71, but I upgraded to the Fold and it says preparing first run before the screen goes black .
Getting worse now .
Can listen, dont show location .
Be sure to read the refund policy before deciding on a purchase of this app .
Can you please2 add the option to retick the tasks on the days before? Thank you .
This is a very user friendly application .
If you are going to plan an outing, yard work or need to drive when bad weather is expected, the hourly predictions and radar will provide the information you need to do it safely and help you manage your day/week .
Really enjoy this game .
I even paid for premium .
I enjoyed the app, but I feel like it should be called "0 to 30" .
Please add this on and you'll have a good app and I'll give you five stars .
Highly recommended .
Just don't waste your money on Garmin .
However, there are some significant gaps in the numbers .
And loved it .
Keep getting the "Could not connect to internet. Changes will not be saved. " error .
I have never lived in Illinois, it resets home there often .
App is incredibly annoying to use .
I've spoke to Spotify too and they state it is a fault with sanvello .
Nice message App though it is always wanting to open Add while my Data is on .
This app is amazing but will give 5 stars once you are able to use multiple templates in the journal entries .
If I wanted to read text that small I'd just use the app on my phone .
Unfortunately, the maps of this app are not updated .
It's a pretty great app and I have had it for several years now just incase and cuz it is an interesting read when you have no service .
Nice app .
App NOT Wprking on Samsung Galaxy Fold .
Very detailed wirh all the info you need about weather local or global .
Easy to use, has been helpful in achieving my daily goals .
If I tap "Request Location", and select a Contact Name", it asks that person to share their location with me .
Either
Thanks again for the help with this matter as the other email address and phone and it was so good feeling about the other day I was a little late but I'll get .
Android app, not so much right now .
I'm mad that the premium key I purchased doesn't apply anymore, but I'm even more mad that I can't buy it again .
Reminders not working .
It would be nice if you add "Sort Alphabetically" .
But a regular annoyance .
But still cannot upload the map 😭 plis help me .
Everything is great about the app, especially the paid version .
I am NOT giving Google access to all my personal information .
Tried different configuration options and none worked for me .
So Far not bad but still trying to figure it out hoping I can use different notifications sounds for each contact but we will see also need to get more features .
Quick session and I feel like I've achieved something for the day .
I have seen others note that it causes issues with Google maps; my suggestion would be to turn it off before trying to use Google maps for navigation! App works as advertised .
