I like this app because even I miss the news whether I now I'm still wach to the app.	3	1
It helps as in I don't have to constantly take the SD card out but it's slow and I'm no way will it let me use it as a controller for my garmin 45.	1	1
I hate that the camera video jiggles when I have to hold to record.	0	1
I can't connect it to my phone unless it's not recording and that defeats the purpose.	1	1
It's also very slow.	1	0
I have a very up to date phone so idk.	2	1
Could be A LOT better.	1	2
Still trying to get s hold of it, hoping I get more styles.	1	2
This game is very good bike racing game .	4	1
If you like bike racing game you should download this game😘.	4	2
Workout range from really short (5-6 min) to an hour and longer.	2	0
A bit too much HIIT for my taste.	1	2
Would love to see more strength workouts.	2	2
Add a DONATION BUTTON.	1	1
Screw these stupid Ads that I will NOT Click on.	0	2
the Best planning app I have seen install and enjoy.	3	2
No experience but after reading all the reviews I shall stick with ( real racing 3 ) it's not without issues but still a great racing game 🙂.	1	2
Extremely usefull for procrastinators It gives you an idea of how much you need to do and how much you have already done.	4	1
People often overestimate/underestimate the amount of time they did a certain task this app helps you to have a record of the said task.	3	0
Very usefull for studying as it tells you the duration you have properly studied.	3	1
Usefull for people who are giving competitive exams.	3	1
Widget not the way it used to be No more 5 day forecast , temp and local temp.	1	0
Voice navigation, weather app is interesting app for use to check weather updates 🙂.	3	0
I really love this app.	4	2
The amount of games & also the link to the products is great.	4	1
My only complaint is the text size.	1	1
I downloaded this on my phone first, & then I downloaded it on my tablet for when I'm at home & the text size on my tablet is almost the same as my phone.	2	0
I would much rather the text for the rules of the games scale to the size of the device.	2	1
If I wanted to read text that small I'd just use the app on my phone.	1	1
Keeps asking for access to my contacts and photo's a navigation app does NOT need access to my contacts and photo's it's for navigation NOT to make calls or take pictures.	1	1
Have used (and paid for!) this app for several years.	3	1
And loved it.	4	2
But a regular annoyance is the app's reluctance to reconnect (after a loss of signal) to enable traffic information to be accessed, even though a signal is available, from either the phone's mobile network or wi-fi in the car.	1	1
Fortunately alternatives, e.g.  Waze continue to operate satisfactorily on those occasions.	1	1
If only there was a 'Push to reconnect to a Signal' button on the app!.	2	1
Map colors don't often fill in regions woth the proper color.	1	0
It wd be good if you add timer or reminder .	2	1
simple n good.	3	2
Would help you had sound I downloaded this as it recommend by a friend as I going to Fife I placed the details in and it seemed ok As I was driving it had no volume you have to pay for this I had now uninstalled it and use Google maps until something better comes along.	1	2
Thanks again for the help with this matter as the other email address and phone and it was so good feeling about the other day I was a little late but I'll get.	3	2
Easy to use! I watched the videos while brushing my teeth.	3	2
Perfect segments of information for a daily dose of learning.	4	2
The videos made it easy and entertaining to learn extremely important lessons! I'm a therapist and recommend this to my clients.	4	2
GLYMPSE stopped working.	0	0
Don't know what happened, but a few weeks ago, the Glympse feature within Message+ stopped working.	1	1
The only way I can use Glympse now is by setting either the Samsung or Android message app a Default, and use the separate Glympse app.	2	1
It sucks too because we used it frequently.	1	2
No longer usable.	0	1
Keep getting the "Could not connect to internet.  Changes will not be saved. " error.	1	0
I tried reopening, restarting and reinstalling.	2	1
Can't login.	2	0
Previous to this, the app consistently crashed while accessing the "Rewards" section.	1	1
Lots of potential, too many bugs.	1	1
I have never lived in Illinois, it resets home there often.	1	1
the rude adds take away my home button so I'm forced to participate with them, just to get a terrible prediction about precipitation.	0	2
If this app were my neighbor we would respectfully fist fight in the front yard, daily until the lesser said uncle 😆.	0	2
Doesn't do much, but delivers as promised.	2	1
I bought gas at Wal Mart/Murphy's with my first cash out.	2	0
Going to claim $25 Amazon card next.	2	1
Straight to the point app.	3	0
Edit / backup / restore.	2	0
Highly recommended.	4	2
Keep your contacts safe -- forever.	3	1
From all the schedule planners and/or to-do list apps I've used, this is so far the best and works with me well.	4	1
I love how minimalistic it is with the relevant features.	4	2
The only bad thing about it is the frequent ads (considering that I'm not using the pro version).	1	1
Also, hoping this would be available for desktops too.	2	2
Good for planning your outing especially fishing with a boat.	3	1
I was ecstatic (really) to have found this app.	4	2
It would be nice if you add "Sort Alphabetically".	2	2
And when I search *heart, I want *hearts icons to appear too.	1	1
Love it.	4	2
Just need few additional features like adding inbetween comments of tracking for future reference.	2	1
I love this app! I've used it for years to keep track of things or to jot ideas down.	4	1
It's so easy to navigate that it doesn't even need a tutorial.	4	2
I do wish it had the option to have an incognito mode when you put your password in backwards or something in case you needed to hide a gift list or something when someone questioned what was in there so that you could show them without actually showing them your true notes.	2	1
But overall love the app.	4	2
I want to love this app but the address navigation is terrible.	1	1
You have to select by city/town/locality.	2	0
So you'll select the city, the street, and then street number.	2	0
However, there are some significant gaps in the numbers.	1	0
Searching by the POI was even more unreliable.	1	1
DONT INSTALL SO SLOW SPLITTING A 5 MINUTE VIDEO.	0	2
I USED ANOTHER APP AND IT DID IT IN 10 SECONDS IT ALSO COUDNT FIND MY VIDEO I WANTED TO TRIM FOR WHATSAPP.	0	2
It's good when there are traffic jams as it gives you alternative routes.	3	1
Sound can be bit louder.	1	1
Sometimes roads disappear from the screen and the screen is blank which isn't very helpful when navigating.	1	1
Guys, you have to optimize power consumption.	1	2
App drains battery like teenager pumpkin spice latte.	0	2
Love this game but there is one thing wrong, and that is the credit vault.	1	1
You should make it in the next update where you can get half of the credit vault, but if you want the full amount you pay.	2	1
Also add more cars.	2	0
GREAT GAME.	4	2
Great app, everyone should try this app at least once🖤.	4	2
I wonder why i no longer receive emails into my inbox.	1	1
It used to work well for me, explain what can be the root problem of this?.	1	2
Easy to use and nice to have all info in one place.	3	1
I just wish all practices in an area used this app.	3	2
I already paid but why still can't add the widget? It's keep saying to upgrade.	1	2
Scam! Don't sign up for the free trial as they will take the money off your card.	0	1
And if you try to reach out to them about it they will ignore you!!!.	0	2
All good so far.	3	0
Accurate and reliable.	3	0
Easy format to understand.	3	1
Great game I like it please bring some more good games like this game 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍🤜🤛🤜🤛🤜🤛🤜🤛.	4	2
Thanks mates! For building such a nice app .	4	2
Thanks to you many people are going to become their best selfs (me included).	3	2
Great app let's you discover what's going on around you and allows you to find housing or hotel around the venues area.	3	1
Great app I use it all the time!.	4	2
There are some days where i missed tick-ing them.	2	2
Can you please2 add the option to retick the tasks on the days before? Thank you.	2	1
I can go at my own pace.	3	2
There are videos to show me how to do the stretch correctly if I am not sure.	3	2
So far i love this app.	3	2
It's got separate lists for everything.	2	0
And with corresponding tasks below.	2	0
And every main lists has sublists that you can organize.	2	0
I also love that you can put schedule and alarms on the calendar with choice of reminders.	3	1
You can also insert images so you know instantly what the list is about.	2	1
And most of all IT'S FREE.	3	1
I'm sure the premium one is much much better.	3	2
Love love love it! Good job! 👍🌟💯👏♥️.	4	2
A clean concise app that makes up for yet another feature Android forgot.	3	1
 Reminiscent of the Ctrl-W feature in WordPerfect or the Charmap feature in Windows.	2	0
 This is also really handy on Bluetooth keyboards that can't access even Android's limited character input (which makes me glad it's NOT integrated with a stock keyboard).	3	1
 The interface is more functional than I would have expected.	3	2
 Kudos! 👍.	4	2
I've been falling back into a dark place recently.	2	2
Its great that you can do daily check ins and write down your thoughts.	3	1
But unfortunately to be able to fully access and find tools that are helpful to you.	1	1
You have to pay for it.	2	0
Not everyone has the money and mental health shouldn't and should never come with a price.	1	1
Best to do app I found so far! Keep up the good work guys!.	4	2
Good App but cant store measurement info only the image.	3	0
Getting worse now.	1	1
This app used to be good but Spotify is no longer connecting up.	1	0
That was one of the things I used on the app a-lot as it would put a suggestion of sanvello music - according to how your day was- and now it doesn't! I've messaged the team and they just ignore me each time.	1	1
I've spoke to Spotify too and they state it is a fault with sanvello.	2	1
I think I'm just going to cancel this- I mean - it's almost ending anyway.	1	2
Still no reply.	2	0
Disgraceful customer service!.	0	2
A simple yet highly motivating tool to help improve overall wellness.	3	1
Very helpful easy to understand great outlook of forecast.	3	2
Love it!! Great app!! If you fly Quadcopter as a hobby, or any kind of RC flyer, you'll need this app.	4	2
I am planning a trip to El Salvador in Central America and this app can tell me the weather conditions in that country.	2	1
Recommended!.	3	2
I sign up again to retrieve old messages, but cant get them.	2	1
I look for a long time for such a type of app till I find this amazing app👍👍 👍.	4	2
Simple and hassle free.	3	1
Could have had some more useful features and better aesthetics.	1	1
It is epic majestic street view app I recommend you download this app and use.	4	2
newly improved version is too good.	4	2
earlier flagged email was not shown in this app.	2	0
now everything of MS outlook is visible here.	3	0
i have yet to check features like reminder.	2	2
but overall experience is good.	3	1
Nice app, you wont regret your data for downloading.	3	2
It's a very informative and very thorough.	3	1
There are plenty of diagrams explaning how to craft certain tools and what to look for.	3	0
It covers all the necessary aspects of survival and even ones most people wouldn't consider.	3	1
It doesn't take up much storage space compared to how potentially lifesaving it is.	3	1
It's a pretty great app and I have had it for several years now just incase and cuz it is an interesting read when you have no service.	3	1
If I tap "Share Location", and select a Contact Name, it asks that person to share their location with  me.	2	1
If I tap "Request Location", and select a Contact Name", it asks that person to share their location with  me.	2	1
Both "Share" and "Request" asks the same question.	1	1
"Share your location with me".	2	1
Not good.	1	1
---- It does everything it says it does.	3	1
I'm all in.	4	2
Props.	4	2
This was advertised as a free countdown widget app, but upon setting up the app, you have to pay for the premium version of the app to use the widget.	1	0
Easy to follow, clear instructions.	3	1
Quick session and I feel like I've achieved something for the day.	3	1
If you want to freshen up an app you've used for a long while, this was a fresh add on.	3	1
We do all our work with web version and it's great.	3	1
Android app, not so much right now.	1	1
This is the first program I could conveniently use to control work/rest cycles.	3	1
One issue I could not manage is when the screen turns off, the program still shows controls and if you keep the phone in your pocket, those buttons are pressed randomly.	1	1
Tried different configuration options and none worked for me.	1	1
Samsung galaxy s21 ultra, lovely app just need a revamped screen and possibly a longer outlook.	3	1
Request don't waste your time to download this app.	0	2
Very detailed wirh all the info you need about weather local or global.	3	1
It has the best widgets ive seen with lots of choices and customization which is mainly what I look for in an app.	4	2
and its FREE! Thank you.	4	2
5 ⭐ rating.	4	2
It is good to be able to track your heart rate and save these things because your doctor could review this and help diagnose a potential issue and treat it early on rather than too late.	3	1
Dont advertise dark theme if it is only available when the system supports it.	1	1
Also, widgets cannot be resized.	1	1
As for the rest, ad free and basic.	3	1
Still by far the best puzzle collection.	3	1
Offline.	3	0
No charges.	3	0
Ad free.	3	0
Nag free.	3	1
Doesn't want inside leg measurement.	3	1
Hats off to the creator and all those who port it to Android (and elsewhere) so we can get a puzzle fix when we should be working.	4	2
Very handy guide to trails around the country.	3	1
We took our bikes on a long cross-country tour and were able to reroute most days to a great trail nearby.	3	1
Very grateful.	4	2
Bugs:	1	0
1. No audio after, if a person pick up a phone call during Skype call.	1	0
2. Unable to turn the camera on sometimes.	1	0
3. The lag to switch front and back camera is too much, literally it takes around 3-5 seconds to switch camera.	1	1
4. Sometimes the camera still works for few more seconds even after turned off during video calls.	1	0
Non user-friendly problems.	1	0
1. Unable to move camera thumbnail position.	1	0
It's always fixed at top right.	1	0
2. When the application is minimised, no way to know video is on.	1	0
I've done 137k steps since 2nd Sept but only 109k are recorded in my challenge.	1	1
I even paid for premium.	1	1
What an absolute joke! The challenges won't even load they say "Data cannot be loaded right now".	0	1
10/10 the best game to play and never get bored of it! Lovely.	4	2
I love this App! For those who have short term memory loss.	4	2
😆 this is for you! No pop ads to where you have to wait till you get into the app.	3	1
It' so good 👍 keeps me on track! Thank you Easy Bills Reminder, you've helped me a great deal.	4	2
love the ability to see how my child is doing and the messaging function is great.	4	2
my child loved creating their own monster avatar.	4	2
People don't know how to use technology and then blame the app or developers.	2	2
If you're calibrated, and correctly set your time and location, this app works flawlessly.	3	1
The only other issue you could have is dropping your phone so much you ruin the sensors, and at that point how are you going to expect this app to work properly? Essentially, the 1 star reviewers have bad hardware or a bad brain, usually both.	3	2
Automatically moves your location away from where you want it to be.	1	0
Do not use.	1	1
Overall an excellent app.	3	1
Better than average path finding, has a nice, straightforward UI.	3	1
Map downloads are insanely slow-- expect many hours to download a single map.	1	1
Would be nice to see the cardinal direction on the map when navigating.	2	1
I'm dropping my rating due to the length of time it takes to download maps.	1	1
Needs additional features - using User ID/code instead of my phone number etc.	1	1
Not perfect but better than available alternatives.	3	1
Pls continue to stick to a privacy first model.	2	1
So why am i only getting two or three swipes and then its telling me thats all for now.	1	1
App was good for long time.	1	1
But now add pops up when I want to check the weather with no apparent way to delete it.	1	1
I'm uninstalling it.	0	1
I've performed many tests for accuracy against other apps.	2	0
This one has been the most accurate app between 01/15/21 and 02/02/2021.	3	0
I love this app.	4	2
It has the most variety and always new ones too.	3	0
It has calmed me.	3	2
So far so good but it told me I was getting three lines.	2	1
They pick and choose which cameras you can use this with.	2	0
I have several but have to use different video apps.	1	1
Stupid!.	0	2
I'm tryin to cancel this service and can't find that option anywhere.	1	1
Please stop billing my card and cancel this.	1	1
Great app.	4	2
Have had gold for a while now.	3	1
An excellent option for the shopping list would be to have the ability to add a photograph.	2	1
That way I could click on the item and I can open a photo to see what the heck it was my wife wanted.	2	1
Has annying links.	1	1
To talking in the background that are hard to stop.	1	0
Even leaving the app doesn't always work to clear the talking, forcing shutting down the phone to stop it.	1	1
My phone says: This app has 787 irregular activities since last charge which is excessive processor usage when screen is off."	1	1
Can you explain why?.	1	0
This has been a huge help in remembering things i need to accomplish for the day.	4	1
Thanx for making an app that actually helps me out.	3	2
Nice little tool for tasks that don't need a date.	3	1
Would like to have custom categories but otherwise the app is perfect.	3	1
I really love how I can use the website to pick the packages to track.	4	1
It is a very good game but I have it only 4star because sometime when the game has start some player have alredy have diamond sword and golden Armor because they were hackers so I dont like it but it is a teall good game all have to try this nice game🤗🤗.	3	1
App doesn't recognize new password I just set up.	1	0
I can login to web version though.	1	0
But I want to use the app from my phone.	1	1
Just gets junkier and junkier.	0	2
I'm not happy with every time I'm done with my walk i go to exit out, brings me straight to an add.	1	1
Won't let me just exit i have another walking app however it's in metrics which I don't like, im old school cause I'm old, lol I got this app because it did it in miles if I wanted.	1	2
To be honest I'm going to look for a different one.	1	1
Not sending any data anymore.	1	0
Can listen, dont show location.	1	0
Support gives no solution.	1	0
Well the content on groups are all 18+ stuff a lot of spam bots, scamers and many more.	0	0
Lot of nasty stuff on this.	0	0
This app desperately needs a fix.	0	1
This app knows every concevable unit! Not quite as versatile as the linux command line tool, but still very useful.	3	1
photos straight up never send/ arrive, there's a notification whenever a text sends that's RIGHT over the spacebar, and it turns text faces into emojis; NONE of these things can be fixed in settings.	0	1
Good for creating a solid foundation for self care.	3	0
Very useful app.	4	2
Initially gave it 4 stars but having tried it out further I can see a lot of effort has gone into creating this app which has many features that are very useful.	4	1
I am not a big user of such apps as I'm retired and only need the basics so I don't need the premium app.	2	2
It is very good that someone has put a lot into creating such a very good app and offered it for free without annoying ads.	4	1
Well done and many thanks.	4	2
So Far not bad but still trying to figure it out hoping I can use different notifications sounds for each contact but we will see also need to get more features.	2	1
The app has a lot of glitches, it does it job.	2	0
But it's either not working correctly or times are delayed or wrong.	1	0
I was stuck on a bus stop waiting on the next bus, because the one I should've been on, decided to run early.	1	2
Leaving me stranded for a whole hour an a sick individual tried to assault me sexually.	0	2
But good thing I know how to defend myself.	2	2
I called the cops and Metro and nothing got done, no one got in trouble and that sick bastard still out there.	1	2
Wow nice game I liked the music 🎶 And the Duel races.	4	2
Awesome!!! Really help me to use whatsapp in my tablet.	4	2
Is a well done job that needed award.	4	2
More grace to the developer.	4	2
It was a destable thing for vice president harris to visit NASA.	0	2
Harris and the administration she's with are an embarrassment to NASA and the whole world.	0	2
NASA needs to refrain from allowing TRAITIORS to step foot on NASA.	0	2
I enjoyed the app, but I feel like it should be called "0 to 30".	3	2
I tried this out as an intermediate runner, to use as a motivational tool.	2	2
Without tracking pace, there is no guarantee that 30 minutes equals a 5k.	2	0
It's a little misleading to beginners.	1	1
Most of the integers are good, but there's a jump from 8 to 20 minutes in one week, then another from 10 to 22 another week, which again seems unrealistic for a beginner.	2	1
I do really like the reminder to warm up and cool down, steps I often skip.	3	1
I had follow the instruction to upload KMZ file on android 12.	2	1
But still cannot upload the map 😭 plis help me.	1	2
Very useful info, especially for lung safety & health.	3	1
Know when to stay indoors, limit activity, avoid further microscopic damage to your lungs from smoke particulates.	3	1
Takes a minute to get the hang of the app, but after you do it's great.	2	2
Go to any zip code.	2	0
Sometimes e readings from specific monitors difficult to get.	1	1
Everything is great about the app, especially the paid version.	3	1
The only improvement that I feel is required at this point is to have the option to mark the unachieved tasks as "Fail" or something.	2	2
This application has changed my life!!! The only thing I would change is for the administrator of the list to have more control and the other members not as well as being ableto send individual reminders.	4	2
Other than that it's an amazing application 👏.	4	2
I haven't seen on any other navigation this 3d - 2d view , it's so helpful.	3	2
Unfortunately, the maps of this app are not updated.	1	1
I wish there was paid version in which the maps would be updated everyday , and there would be things like traffic and delays.	1	2
I would pay for such a pro version, but it doesn't exist.	1	2
I got myself TomTomGo , because I need reliable updated navigation.	1	2
I still miss this one.	1	2
What is going on with all the app updates.	1	2
You send out 3 updates a week, the first update your app works great.	2	0
The next app update and the weather will no longer update.	2	0
Then you send out another update and the app works fine.	2	0
Then the next update the weather no longer updates.	1	0
I love the interface and look of this application but your killing me with these updates.	1	2
Update to my original post, everything has been going great with the app for a while now.	3	2
Hopefully the bug issues are fixed.	3	1
This app is amazing but will give 5 stars once you are able to use multiple templates in the journal entries.	3	1
The entry prompts are great but you can only use one at a time.	1	1
If you fill out one prompt then go to another, it will delete your previous entry.	1	0
It would be amazing if when you add a prompt, it creates a new line of text below your current text.	2	1
Thanks team!.	4	2
not worth, very few features, widget are also very limited.	0	1
many free apps are having more features.	0	0
really disappointed.	0	2
App won't stay on in the background therefore I can't get my notifications when they come through.	1	1
Gunna have to go back to the old Samsung watch.	1	2
Poorly made, messages don't come through when you're in the app, you have to open it again and even then they don't show half the time.	1	1
Thanks for info about android wear app.	3	2
Please add a tile/widget to add as well as see existing tasks, too, then this would be perfect.	2	1
This app isn't worth a hoot.	0	2
Fix the app and then I'm open to giving it more stars.	1	2
I love this game.	4	2
But the ads is killing me.	1	2
Oh, I'm not playing for a month and then when I'm playing today,it was only 3 cars instead of 20 cars.	1	1
What happened?.	2	0
Edit - I installed the update and have not been able to use the app at all.	1	1
As soon as you click on an event it deletes the event.	1	0
Once it comes back, you repeat that cyclee so now incamt even finish the one I currently have open.	1	1
Pretty disappointed.	0	2
I can't even log out of the app.	1	1
Fun to use with the medal challenges.	3	2
Little confusing to find things at first but you get over that easily.	3	2
This game is so nice and you can add more vichels and more buildings in that town and add a lobby.	3	2
It's really anoying to install this app!! I don't recommend this.	0	2
I'm like most new reviews here.	2	1
I used this app for years.	2	0
Top notch and couldn't ask for more.	1	1
I'm mad that the premium key I purchased doesn't apply anymore, but I'm even more mad that I can't buy it again.	0	2
I appreciate others advising on the best best thing because I'm not about to download 50 different new apps in search of something similar.	2	2
Byeeeeeeeeeeee.	2	2
I think this app is a GREAT help because it tells you if there are optimization problems with your phone created by the manufacturer and giives you ways to bypass those problems so the apps will function as designed by the app developer.	3	1
Thanks so much to THIS app's developer for providing this extremely important information!.	4	2
Do not use this garbage app.	0	2
I had 5 passes on my account and they've expired.	1	1
No point in using an app that will just take your money like that.	1	1
Cash is the way to go.	1	2
Great easy to use app, and notification screen is simple to use.	3	2
Works great on PC when using as default app on phone.	3	1
However app could use work on customizing options.	1	1
Love this app, it's free and really useful for time and activity tracking.	4	2
Sorry I just realized that I haven't give you 5 stars until now.	3	2
The fact is the security they placed to catch fake profiles isnt helping.	1	0
And i cant rely on reporting profiles as theres an insane amount of fake profile.	1	1
They need to make some people in the community moderators to help remove the fake profiles.	1	1
As theres times where you report a fake profile and weeks later they still exist.	1	1
The app is great.	3	2
But it is missing the truco card game.	1	0
App NOT Wprking on Samsung Galaxy Fold.	1	0
I LOVE Kodi! It worked on my previous Samsung A-71, but I upgraded to the Fold and it says preparing first run before the screen goes black.	1	1
It would be AWESOME to have working in this phone.	1	2
Such a shame.	0	2
I HOPE the issue can be resolved!.	2	2
Couldn't get past thinking up a password, too hard for my depression.	2	2
Thought give up.	1	2
UPDATE3: Dear Milan, App still not working even on another phone with all power & battery optimization disabled.	1	1
Even tried by locking the app, no use.	1	1
Better you need to understand the real problem of your app.	1	1
All other reminder apps are working perfectly except this.	1	1
It's very useful and the app is easy to use! It helped me a lot trough my suicidal thoughts and anxiety.	4	2
It also helps you clean up your brain.	3	1
I stronly recommend it!.	4	2
Having to manually turn on/off cycling and running is pretty annoying.	1	1
Although walking is auto, you need to activate it manually to capture elevation.	1	0
I forgot to turn it off and now have a top walking speed of 33mph because I got on a bus.	1	1
It does exactly what I need it to do.	3	1
Fake my GPS location when active.	2	0
I have seen others note that it causes issues with Google maps; my suggestion would be to turn it off before trying to use Google maps for navigation! App works as advertised.	3	1
Five stars.	3	1
I would like to financially support the developer, but I do NOT want a subscription service.	3	1
Dev, give me the option to outright buy the app.	2	2
I'll gladly pay for it.	3	2
I love this app! I've had it for yrs.	4	2
& everytime I get a new phone this is one of the first apps i download.	4	2
& i love that everytime one of my girlfriends dee it on my phone they're like, "that's so NEON", "that's a dope app", "where can I get it".	4	2
& then when I tell them that you can change every thing on it to whatever color you choose & that it comes in a widget they are envious instantly & just have to copy me & download the app to their phone also lol Thanks Weather Neon.	4	2
!!! ####What do your pop-ups look like? NO POPUPS!! All I see is that they notified but there's no detail!!?? Need different formats available when in the popup style.	1	1
For instance to have a way to delay it 5 minutes a half an hour a day something like that.	2	0
When p0pup comes up you can't touch anything and be able to set up further reminder at 1 Hour 2 hours a day Etc like some other apps.	1	0
Please add this on and you'll have a good app and I'll give you five stars.	1	2
Be sure to read the refund policy before deciding on a purchase of this app.	1	0
They are billing my acct $26.99 per year.	1	0
I would never have knowingly agreed to that.	0	2
I am NOT giving Google access to all my personal information.	1	1
No reason at all to be forced to login to your Google account (if you even have one) and forced to allow Google access to all your personal information on that account.	1	1
just to be able to use a texting app! People need to start saying NO to stuff like this.	0	2
Uninstalled without using!.	0	2
Excellent app for organizing thoughts, papers, whatever.	3	1
Quite intuitive for the most part.	3	1
Tons of flexibility with how your maps look and function.	3	1
Some of the less important parts of the interface feel a bit clunky at first, but after a bit of practice, they're easy to remember.	2	1
Moving between the Windows and Android versions is pretty easy as is switching between tablet and phone.	3	1
Cloud storage use could be simpler, but no real complaints.	2	1
Hands down, best app.	3	2
Strangely underrated.	3	2
Exactly what I needed.	3	2
can't log in my fcebook and gmail but i love mtb project.	2	2
Like the simple app, but hate the page turning.	2	1
I just want to flick through weeks.	1	1
Maybe it's my phone? But I find it so awkward.	1	2
Really good, just need a new feature to be able to move a task from one quadrant to another without having to delete and rewrite it.	3	1
I've been using two contacts for over 20 years now out of all the contact applications true contacts application is absolutely the best I recommend it as the number one contact application it has never in 20 years failed or let me down it has helped me to be able to go to my true contacts and look up old friends or even family members whose telephone numbers I have forgotten so far with true contacts I have over what 1, 000 on style people friends and family I'm Google Gmail member Terry Johnson.	4	2
Easy to use, has been helpful in achieving my daily goals.	3	2
Helped me so much with my productivity and organizing my life!.	3	2
i always forget what im gonna do so this is the perfect app for u if u forget things eo quick like me.	3	2
This has the best design and feel of any weather app I've used.	3	2
It's hard for me to describe but I just love how it displays the weather data I want to see.	4	2
Totally free as well.	3	0
My only wish is that it has some radar and satellite maps.	2	1
The colors won't change, when I try to customize my neon.	1	1
That's the whole reason I paid for it.	1	2
Great for outlining and spacially arranging ideas and small projects; my favorite among others I've tried.	3	1
Quick, easy to use and simple UI.	3	1
10-april-22 - the app wont let me change or add color palettes anymore.	1	1
This makes it super easy too note down and categorize a task for later, then mark them off as you complete them.	3	1
Two feature requests that would make this perfect in my opinion: Make the checkbox hotspot on the widget slightly bigger so that it's easier to mark off a task without accidentally bringing up the edit pop up, and allow reoccurring tasks so that I can have a weekly or monthly section that I can mark off without losing contents as one-off completed tasks are auto removed.	3	1
Great trail app, too many popups asking you to subscribe.	2	1
Nice app.	3	2
just rlly annoying with the lock screen.	1	2
it also doesnt cound more than half of my steps.	1	1
other than that, its an okay app.	2	1
Great app! I have 2 suggestions that would improve usability.	3	1
First, on the notification mapping page, categorize the alerts.	2	0
Right now they're randomly ordered.	1	0
Either group them on kind (tornado watch, tornado warning, etc) or type (advisorys together, watches together, warnings together, etc).	2	0
At bare minimum, make them alphabetical.	1	1
Second, the alerts don't bypass the phone sound settings.	2	0
Extreme alerts should at least have the option to bypass silent/vibrate modes.	2	1
I use this app almost every day.	3	2
It is profoundly accurate.	4	1
If you are going to plan an outing, yard work or need to drive when bad weather is expected, the hourly predictions and radar will provide the information you need to do it safely and help you manage your day/week.	3	1
The hurricane predictions in south Louisiana are a must.	3	1
Best app on my phone.	4	2
Really enjoy this game.	4	2
From the tons of cars and mods, to the tuning of many parts.	3	1
Increase the level of this stupid app All rank is easily achieved N make it tough after UDARNIK.	1	2
This is a very user friendly application.	3	1
It has way more color coding options for appointments that Google Calendar offers, which is very helpful.	3	1
App really sucks at speed,,, it takes more than a day to reach the other users, people forget what they were talking.	1	2
Everything I run app and leave it running in the background my distance and time reset to zero.	1	1
Last time I ran it, It couldn't calculate correct distance ran.	1	1
Decided to use it after years of not using it (used to love it) and the last few time have been super buggy.	0	2
App is incredibly annoying to use.	0	2
Constant ads trying to upsell you.	0	2
It works but there are other apps that do the same thing better without the incessant ads.	1	1
Nice message App though it is always wanting to open Add while my Data is on.	2	1
Reminders not working.	1	0
No sound, no notice,no vibration, no pop up.	1	0
NOTHING! What is the problem? Instructions found in HELP section do not work.	1	1
Need assistance.	2	1
Fantastic app, great experience and very easy to use.	4	2
Just what I wanted in a weather app.	4	2
Well done people.	4	2
Great weather app for getting any perspective you could ask for.	3	2
I'm a pilot and I start here and drill down.	3	2
Felt too clunky for me.	1	2
Impossible to see live traffic in Dark Mode, fussy entry of destinations on BMW CarPlay (kept jumping to irrelevant list, hard to return to the alphabet), lack of relevant destination addresses (Australia), doesn't seem to identify where police are hiding.	1	1
Tested on both Android and iPhone/Carplay using Waze as a comparison.	2	0
Will revisit again to see if it improves over time but doesn't work well enough for me, yet.	1	2
I like the privacy aspect a lot.	3	2
I like the science but I don't particularly care who goes to the moon or Mars.	2	2
I think the money spent could be used somewhere else on those who need the money most.	1	2
A few stuff that would improve the app: 1) Ability to toggle which activities can send push notifications 2) improve text readability of stats 3) show time spent on activities over the course of a week/month/etc.	1	1
4) Widget to show time cans.	2	0
That’s a great app for tracking your time allocation to narrow down the wastage of time.	3	1
This is really just more privacy invading bloatware I have no use for & no way to disable or even uninstall I am stuck with this bloatware.	0	2
Need to know how to play songs in background while playing.	2	1
Just don't waste your money on Garmin.	0	2
App not working and camera broke after few months that's the second one now I got replacement once before.	0	2
I seem it is a great way to do excersise bu himself.	3	1
Try raoo.	1	2
in this website giving bulk what's app and what's app auto reply and bot also.	1	2
Very easy and informative ky3 is 👍,I watch ky3 all the time to catch the local news and weather in the ozarks.	3	1